Added help menus, prevents ugly crash (#138)
entropic-dev/entropic: cli/lib/commands/help/login.txt

Usage: ds login [--registry url]

1) ds opens the default web browser, 
2) you authenticate, 

> 3) ds stores the resulting authentication token internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) ds stores the resulting authentication token within your .entropicrc file
```
